on a scorching day in rural Japan we
find ourselves in the midst of a
chilling tale where two boys yoshiki and
yaru seek Solace from the Relentless
Heat by indulging in frozen treats from
a quaint local store Outdoors amidst
their laughter a sudden unease grips
yoshiki prompting him to utter these
haunting words to his
friend you ain't the real iaru are you
iaru initially taken a back undergos a
startling transformation
as his human facade Fades away revealing
the Demonic spiritual entity lurking
within however instead of unleashing his
malevolence upon yoshiki hiu surprises
us all by embracing his friend pleading
with him not to reveal his true nature
even if he's borrowing the old hikaru's
form his feelings for yoshiki are
undeniably genuine